This website contains recent policy changes reported in the global
Oxford COVID-19 Government Response Tracker (OxCGRT) database. It
includes policies which have come into force within the last two weeks.
It is arranged by country and then by indicator. For more details on the
coding policy please see our
[Codebook](https://github.com/OxCGRT/covid-policy-tracker/blob/master/documentation/codebook.md)
and [Interpretation
Guide](https://github.com/OxCGRT/covid-policy-tracker/blob/master/documentation/interpretation_guide.md).

Data in the OxCGRT database is recorded by volunteers from all over the
world on a weekly schedule. Our coverage may not yet be completely
up-to-date until the present day with recent policy changes. This site
is updated daily, so check back for the latest information.

## Global Changes in Government Response Index

The following map details the changes to the government response index
during the last two weeks. For more detail on the Government Response
Index please see the most recent [working
paper](https://www.bsg.ox.ac.uk/research/publications/variation-government-responses-covid-19)
or explore the [dataset
publication](https://doi.org/10.1038/s41562-021-01079-8).

<img src="images/changes-map.png">

## Changes in Policy over the last two weeks

Please see our
[Codebook](https://github.com/OxCGRT/covid-policy-tracker/blob/master/documentation/codebook.md)
for a full description of the policies we track.

### Argentina (GRI: 72.19 ↓ 69.38)

#### Cancel public events (C3)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> cancellation of public events; across <b>all</b> of
Argentina (2G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

22/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> cancellation of public events; in <b>some</b> parts of
Argentina (2T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

The measures are extended again, this time until July 9.
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210627125413/https://www.perfil.com/noticias/actualidad/el-gobierno-oficializo-la-prorroga-por-dnu-de-las-restricciones-y-limito-el-ingreso-al-pais.phtml>
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210627130055/https://www.boletinoficial.gob.ar/detalleAviso/primera/246098/20210626>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Vaccination policy (H7)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

Available to ALL key group (key workers, elderly, clinically vulnerable)
plus additional availability to wider population; at no / minimal cost
to the individual (government funded or subsidised) Argentina (4S)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

22/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

Available to <b>ALL</b> key group (key workers, elderly, clinically
vulnerable); at no / minimal cost to the individual (government funded
or subsidised) Argentina (3S)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Six million people are waiting for the second dose of Sputnik and the
Government still does not know when they will arrive.
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210627130935/https://www.infobae.com/politica/2021/06/23/seis-millones-de-personas-esperan-la-segunda-dosis-de-sputnik-y-el-gobierno-aun-no-sabe-cuando-llegaran/>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

### Australia (GRI: 54.48 ↑ 62.81)

#### School closing (C1)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Recommended closure</b> of schools or open with significant
operational differences; in <b>some</b> parts of Australia (1T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

18/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> closure of <b>some</b> levels of schools; in <b>some</b>
parts of Australia (2T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Originally coded by Lucy Ellen 18 Jun 2021 13:11:36. Originally Coded at
a 1T. Original note below. Recoded as a 2T in light of information found
at the archived link:
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210618131254/https://www.premier.vic.gov.au/sites/default/files/2021-06/210616%20-%20Table%20of%20Restrictions_2.pdf>
States for both regional Victoria and Metropolitan Sydney: “Higher
education and training: If you can study from home, you should continue
to study from home” Original Note: “As published on the Victorian
Government COVID-19 website, and in response to reducing levels of
community transmission of COVID-19, restriction for both Greater
Melbourne and the rest/regional Victoria were, overall/in general,
relaxed from 11:59pm on Thursday 17 June 2021. For Victoria The
Workplace Directions (No. 33) come into force at 11.59pm 17 June 2021
and replace the Workplace Directions (No. 32). These directions commence
at 11:59:00pm on 17 June 2021 and end at 11:59:00pm on 24 June 2021.
These directions maintain the previous density requirement of one person
per 4 square meters. This applies, to the non-classroom/teaching spaces
of child care services, schools, and higher education institutions. “The
density quotient does, however, still apply to office areas including
shared spaces that form part of an office area, spaces such as
lunchrooms, photocopier room, principal’s office, back of reception and
resource rooms. The density quotient also applies to any publicly
accessible areas (including in relation to a school, non-school senior
secondary providers, or childcare or early childhood service, or higher
education service), and any such publicly accessible areas that are
subject to the signage requirements under subclause (20).” Therefore,
maintain a 1T code.”
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210618130810/https://www.dhhs.vic.gov.au/sites/default/files/documents/202106/Workplace%20Directions%20%28No%2033%29%20-%2017%20June%202021.pdf>”

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Workplace closing (C2)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> closure of <b>some</b> sectors of business; in
<b>some</b> parts of Australia (2T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

18/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Recommended closure </b> (or work from home) of businesses or open
with significant operational differences; in <b>some</b> parts of
Australia (1T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

As published on the Victorian Government COVID-19 website, and in
response to reducing levels of community transmission of COVID-19,
restriction for both Greater Melbourne and the rest/regional Victoria
were, overall/in general, relaxed from 11:59pm on Thursday 17 June 2021.
For Victoria The Workplace Directions (No. 33) come into force at
11.59pm 17 June 2021 and replace the Workplace Directions (No. 32).
These directions commence at 11:59:00pm on 17 June 2021 and end at
11:59:00pm on 24 June 2021. Under these new directions no workplaces are
required to close. However, there are a range of restrictions on the
operations of different workplaces. For example: Hospitality: “Open with
COVIDSafe requirements: density quotient of one per two square metres. A
hospitality venue can host up to 25 patrons before the density quotient
apply. Electronic record keeping must be used.” Retail: “Open with
COVIDSafe requirements: density quotient of one per two square metres.
Record keeping required where practical and electronic preferred.” Full
details available at links. Therefore, change to a 1T code.
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210618131254/https://www.premier.vic.gov.au/sites/default/files/2021-06/210616%20-%20Table%20of%20Restrictions_2.pdf>
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210618130810/https://www.dhhs.vic.gov.au/sites/default/files/documents/202106/Workplace%20Directions%20%28No%2033%29%20-%2017%20June%202021.pdf>
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210618131813/https://www.coronavirus.vic.gov.au/how-we-work>

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Recommended closure </b> (or work from home) of businesses or open
with significant operational differences; in <b>some</b> parts of
Australia (1T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

26/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> closure of <b>some</b> sectors of business; in
<b>some</b> parts of Australia (2T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

New South Wales In response to a growing cluster of community
transmission within Sydney the Premier of NSW announced that some
workplaces would be ordered to close from Saturday 26th June 2021.
Workplace closures are in effect for Greater Sydney, including the Blue
Mountains, Central Coast, Wollongong and Shellharbour (all in New South
Wales). The following places in Greater Sydney are directed to be closed
to the public. • Pubs and registered clubs except for o selling food or
beverages for people to consume off-site and o providing accommodation,
including allowing food and drinks to be consumed in a person’s room. •
Food and drink premises, except for o selling food or beverages for
people to consume off-site o selling food to be consumed in a person’s
room if in a hotel or motel o if the premises are part of a shopping
centre, selling food or beverages for people to consume outside of the
shopping centre o holding a wedding or funeral in accordance with
relevant restrictions. • Entertainment facilities, such as theatres,
cinemas, music halls, concert halls and dance halls. • Amusement
centres, such as places to play billiards, pool, pinball machines or
video games. • Micro-breweries or small distilleries holding a drink
on-premises authorisation under the Liquor Act 2007 or cellar door
premises, except for selling food or beverages for people to consume off
the premises. • Indoor recreation facilities such as squash courts,
indoor swimming pools, gyms, table tennis centres, health studios,
bowling alleys and ice rinks. • Places of public worship, except for the
purposes of conducting a wedding or funeral service. • Hairdressers,
spas, nail salons, beauty salons, waxing salons, tanning salons, tattoo
parlours, massage parlours. • Auction houses • Betting agencies and
gaming lounges • Markets, except for food markets • Caravan parks and
camping grounds, except for o permanent residents or other people who
have no other place of permanent residence, and their visitors o people
who were staying there on Friday 25 June 2021 and have not extended
their booking. • Sex on premises services • Sex services premises •
Strip clubs • Public swimming pools (except natural swimming pools,
which may open) • National Trust properties and Historic Houses Trust of
NSW properties (other than retail shops) • Nightclubs • Casinos, except
for selling food or beverages for people to consume off-site and
providing accommodation, including allowing food and drinks to be
consumed in a person’s room..” Given that in person retail has not been
ordered to close, decision made to code as a level 2.
<http://web.archive.org/web/20210628124921/https://www.nsw.gov.au/covid-19/rules/greater-sydney>
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210628115612/https://legislation.nsw.gov.au/file/Public%20Health%20%28COVID-19%20Temporary%20Movement%20and%20Gathering%20Restrictions%29%20Order%202021.pdf>
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210628115746/https://www.health.nsw.gov.au/Infectious/covid-19/Pages/public-health-orders.aspx>

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> closure of <b>some</b> sectors of business; in
<b>some</b> parts of Australia (2T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

27/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> closure of <b>all</b> sectors of business; in <b>some</b>
parts of Australia (3T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

The Northern Territory According to a press release on the Northern
Territory Government Covid-19 website, on the 27th June the Northern
Territory “Security and Emergency Management Committee made the decision
under the Northern Territory pandemic plan to lock down part of the NT
community. Effective from 1.00pm today – the Darwin, Palmerston and
Darwin rural areas will enter a full lockdown for 48 hours. That means
the local government areas of the City of Darwin, the City of
Palmerston, and Litchfield. This follows confirmation of four new
covid-19 positive cases all linked to the Tanami case.” “All businesses,
retail outlets, hospitality venues, gyms, pools and community centres
will be closed. Cafes and restaurants will be able to offer take-away
and delivery services.” Furthermore, it the NT COVID-19 government
website clearly states that only essential workers are able to leave
home in order to work. See archived URL for list of essential workers.
Northern territory workplace closures are more restrictive compared to
the New South Wales work place closures that came into effect on the
26th June 2021. Therefore changed to a 3T code.
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210628121424/https://coronavirus.nt.gov.au/stay-safe/advice-care/covid-19-lockdown-restrictions-in-place>
web.archive.org/web/20210627060745/<https://coronavirus.nt.gov.au/updates/items/2021-06-27-covid-19-update-lockdown-restrictions-in-place>
<http://web.archive.org/web/20210628132726/https://coronavirus.nt.gov.au/business-and-work/essential-workers>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Cancel public events (C3)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Recommend</b> cancellation of public events; in <b>some</b> parts of
Australia (1T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

26/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> cancellation of public events; in <b>some</b> parts of
Australia (2T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

New South Wales In response to a growing cluster of community
transmission within Sydney the Premier of NSW announced that more
stringent policy settings would be in place for residents of NSW from
from Saturday 26th June 2021. More specially for residents of Greater
Sydney, including the Blue Mountains, Central Coast, Wollongong and
Shellharbour (all in New South Wales): With some limited exemptions any
gatherings of more than 10 people regardless of whether the gathering is
private or part of an organised event is not allowed. Therefore coded as
a level 2 – cancelling of public events required.
<http://web.archive.org/web/20210628124921/https://www.nsw.gov.au/covid-19/rules/greater-sydney>
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210628115612/https://legislation.nsw.gov.au/file/Public%20Health%20%28COVID-19%20Temporary%20Movement%20and%20Gathering%20Restrictions%29%20Order%202021.pdf>
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210628115746/https://www.health.nsw.gov.au/Infectious/covid-19/Pages/public-health-orders.aspx>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Stay at home requirements (C6)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>No measures</b> are present across all of Australia (0)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

26/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> not leaving the house with exceptions for daily exercise,
grocery shopping, and ‘essential’ trips; in <b>some</b> parts of
Australia (2T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

New South Wales In response to a growing cluster of community
transmission within Sydney the Premier of NSW announced stay at home
orders which came into effect on Saturday 26th June 2021. Residents of
Greater Sydney, including the Blue Mountains, Central Coast, Wollongong
and Shellharbour (all in New South Wales) were ordered to stay at home,
unless they had one of the “reasonable excuses” to leave home. According
to the NSW government COVID-19 website the following are considered
reasonable excuses to leave home: “A reasonable excuse is if you need to
• obtain food or other goods and services o for the personal needs of
the household or for other household purposes (including pets) o for
vulnerable people o if the food or goods and services are not available
in the local government area that you live in • travel for work or
education if it is not possible to do it at home • exercise and take
outdoor recreation in Greater Sydney • go out for medical or caring
reasons, including obtaining a COVID-19 vaccination • donate blood •
access childcare • continue existing arrangements for access to, and
contact between, parents and children • attend a wedding or funeral •
provide care or assistance (including personal care) to a vulnerable
person or to provide emergency assistance • access social services,
employment services, services provided to victims (including as victims
of crime), domestic violence services, and mental health services • move
to a new place of residence, or between your different places of
residence • undertake legal obligations • avoid injury or illness or to
escape the risk of harm • in case of emergencies • for compassionate
reasons, including where two people are in a relationship but do not
necessarily live together • to provide pastoral care if you are a
priest, minister of religion or member of a religious order. Taking a
holiday is not a reasonable excuse.” This stay at home order is enforced
by the Public Health (COVID-19 Temporary Movement and Gathering
Restrictions) Order 2021 which came into effect from 26th June 2021.
Under the new Order, stay at home requirements have been extended to all
LGAs in the Greater Sydney area which includes the Blue Mountains,
Central Coast, Wollongong and Shellharbour. There are also additional
restrictions across NSW. The Order has commenced and will be in place
until midnight 9 July, unless extended or repealed earlier.
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210628115210/https://www.nsw.gov.au/covid-19/rules/greater-sydney>
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210628115612/https://legislation.nsw.gov.au/file/Public%20Health%20%28COVID-19%20Temporary%20Movement%20and%20Gathering%20Restrictions%29%20Order%202021.pdf>
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210628115746/https://www.health.nsw.gov.au/Infectious/covid-19/Pages/public-health-orders.aspx>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Protection of elderly people (H8)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Extensive restrictions</b> for protection of elderly people; in
<b>some</b> parts of Australia (3T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

18/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Narrow restrictions</b> for protecting elderly people; in <b>some</b>
parts of Australia (2T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

As published on the Victorian Government COVID-19 website, and in
response to reducing levels of community transmission of COVID-19,
restriction for both Greater Melbourne and the rest/regional Victoria
were, overall/in general, relaxed from 11:59pm on Thursday 17 June 2021.
However, according to the Victorian Government COVID-19 website highly
stringent limitations on visitors to residential aged care facilitates
across Victoria are maintained. No visitors are permitted into aged care
or other residential facility settings, except for end-of-life reasons
and other excepted reasons such as essential care and support Visit from
a prospective resident is permitted with no more than one person
accompanying Non-essential contractors are restricted from entry
Therefore maintain 3T code.
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210618131254/https://www.premier.vic.gov.au/sites/default/files/2021-06/210616%20-%20Table%20of%20Restrictions_2.pdf>
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210618133116/https://www.coronavirus.vic.gov.au/coronavirus-covidsafe-settings>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

### Azerbaijan (GRI: 64.06 ↓ 59.38)

#### International travel controls (C8)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Border closure</b> (ban on all regions) in Azerbaijan (4)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

16/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Screening</b> arrivals coming into Azerbaijan (1)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Quote: "“The government of Azerbaijan is continuing to gradually ease
certain COVID-19-related restrictions on international entry in response
to declines in disease activity, as well as increased rates of
immunization. Effective June 21, citizens of seven additional countries
- specifically, Bahrain, Hungary, Israel, Qatar, the UAE, UK, and the US
- will be allowed to travel to Azerbaijan by air without the previously
required special permission provided they meet the following conditions:
All passengers over the age of 18 years must possess official
documentation (i.e. COVID Passport) issued by the relevant country
demonstrating that they have either been fully vaccinated against or
have recovered from COVID-19, in addition to a negative result from a
PCR test taken within 72 hours prior to their flight. All passengers
between the ages of 1-18 years must possess a negative result from a PCR
test taken within 72 hours prior to their flight.”" Archive Link
<http://web.archive.org/web/20210628220627/https://www.garda.com/crisis24/news-alerts/492741/azerbaijan-government-continuing-to-ease-covid-19-international-travel-restrictions-travel-from-seven-additional-countries-permitted-starting-june-21-update-33>
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
Quote: "“Entry and Exit Requirements Are U.S. citizens permitted to
enter? Yes. On June 16, 2021, the government announced that, beginning
June 21, 2021, U.S. citizens (as well as citizens of Great Britain and
Northern Ireland, Hungary, Israel, The United Arab Emirates, Bahrain,
and Qatar) could fly to Azerbaijan on the special flights currently
operating. See also the Azerbaijan Airlines website. Land border
crossings remain closed at this time; entry is only possible by air. Is
a negative COVID-19 test (PCR) required for entry? Yes. Additionally,
passengers over age 18 must have a COVID-19 passport (or a document
confirming full vaccination against COVID-19 or immunity to COVID-19). A
rapid result test will NOT be accepted for entry; it must be a PCR test.
A negative COVID-19 test result must be issued up to 72 hours ahead of
the flight to Azerbaijan for passengers over 1 year of age. A QR code is
NOT required on the negative COVID-19 test results, but the presence of
such a QR will facilitate faster processing on arrival in Baku. Negative
COVID-19 tests may also be required to depart Azerbaijan, if required by
the destination country. Are health screening procedures in place at
airports and other ports of entry? Yes.”" Archive Link
<http://web.archive.org/web/20210628205605/https://az.usembassy.gov/covid-19-information-for-azerbaijan/>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

### Bangladesh (GRI: 56.15 ↑ 63.96)

#### Workplace closing (C2)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Recommended closure </b> (or work from home) of businesses or open
with significant operational differences; across <b>all</b> of
Bangladesh (1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

17/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> closure of <b>all</b> sectors of business; in <b>some</b>
parts of Bangladesh (3T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Some offices are allowed to reopen, provided they strictly adhere to
social distancing protocols. Strict movement restrictions remain in
force in high-risk areas with elevated disease activity. Typical
controls include the closure of all nonessential businesses.
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210622085813/https://www.garda.com/crisis24/news-alerts/491491/bangladesh-officials-extend-most-nationwide-covid-19-restrictions-until-at-least-july-15-update-48>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Close public transport (C5)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Recommended closure</b> (or significant reduction in volume/routes)
of public transport; across <b>all</b> of Bangladesh (1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

17/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Require closure</b> (or significant reduction in volume/routes) of
public transport; in <b>some</b> parts of Bangladesh (2T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Private vehicles, except for motorcycles used via ride-sharing
platforms, can operate with capacity limits. Intercity trains and buses
may run at half their normal seating capacity. Movement in public
requires police-issued passes, which are available online. Suspension of
public transport services in some areas.
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210622085813/https://www.garda.com/crisis24/news-alerts/491491/bangladesh-officials-extend-most-nationwide-covid-19-restrictions-until-at-least-july-15-update-48>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Restrictions on internal movement (C7)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Recommend</b> to not travel between regions/cities; across <b>all</b>
of Bangladesh (1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

17/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Internal travel restrictions</b> are in place; across <b>all</b> of
Bangladesh (2G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Bans on entry and exit on some areas: Rajshahi city and parts of
Chapainawabganj, Chuadanga, Jessore, Khulna, Kushtia, Naogaon, Naokhali,
Natore, and Satkhira districts.
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210622085813/https://www.garda.com/crisis24/news-alerts/491491/bangladesh-officials-extend-most-nationwide-covid-19-restrictions-until-at-least-july-15-update-48>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

### Belgium (GRI: 64.38 ↓ 59.38)

#### Vaccination policy (H7)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

Available to ALL key group (key workers, elderly, clinically vulnerable)
plus additional availability to wider population; at no / minimal cost
to the individual (government funded or subsidised) Belgium (4S)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

18/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Universal</b> availability; at no / minimal cost to the individual
(government funded or subsidised) Belgium (5S)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Brussels is currently vaccinating everyone born in or before 2003.(18
years and above). <https://archive.vn/RabqC> Wallonia - Vaccination
against Covid-19 concerns only the adult public (+ 18 years old). Young
people aged 16-17 can be vaccinated from 07/01/2021.
<https://archive.vn/Sa4Yd> Vaccines available - BioNTech/Pfizer,
Moderna, Oxford/AstraZeneca, Johnson & Johnson. 6,031,553 persons
i.e. 52.48% of the population have been given at least one dose.
<https://archive.vn/Z6VES>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

### Belize (GRI: 69.38 ↑ 71.98)

#### School closing (C1)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>No measures</b> are present across all of Belize (0)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

18/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> closure of <b>all</b> levels of schools; across
<b>all</b> of Belize (3G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

The Belize government has announced the closure of schools effective
June 18 “out of an abundance of caution, coupled with the fact that the
vaccination rate for teachers is not yet at an adequate level”".
<https://archive.is/5MUje>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Stay at home requirements (C6)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> not leaving the house with exceptions for daily exercise,
grocery shopping, and ‘essential’ trips; across <b>all</b> of Belize
(2G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

22/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Recommend</b> not leaving the house; across <b>all</b> of Belize (1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

No policy change
<http://web.archive.org/web/20210628072450/https://bz.usembassy.gov/covid-19-information/>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Restrictions on internal movement (C7)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Internal travel restrictions</b> are in place; across <b>all</b> of
Belize (2G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

22/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Internal travel restrictions</b> are in place; in <b>some</b> parts
of Belize (2T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

There are curfews in place since June 11, 2021 in Belize, see details
from the Government Press Office below.
<http://web.archive.org/web/20210628070611/https://www.pressoffice.gov.bz/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/SI-No-66-of-2021-Public-Health.pdf>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

### Brunei (GRI: 44.37 ↑ 45.62)

#### Vaccination policy (H7)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

Available to <b>ALL</b> key group (key workers, elderly, clinically
vulnerable); at no / minimal cost to the individual (government funded
or subsidised) Brunei (3S)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

21/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

Available to ALL key group (key workers, elderly, clinically vulnerable)
plus additional availability to wider population; at no / minimal cost
to the individual (government funded or subsidised) Brunei (4S)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Vaccination groups: Phase 1 and 2 under Brunei’s Vaccination Strategy
Phase 1: Frontline workers; senior citizens aged 60 and above; students
studying abroad; and Phase 2: teachers; childcare center staff/childcare
workers; adults at high risk or suffering from chronic diseases)
Vaccines used: Oxford-AstraZeneca (AZD1222/ChAdOx1 nCoV-19); Sinopharm
(BBIBP-CorV); Moderna (mRNA-1273) On 14th June, the Ministry of Health
announced that vaccinations of people included in the Phase 2 of
Brunei’s Vaccination Strategy (teachers; childcare center
staff/childcare workers; adults at high risk or suffering from chronic
diseases) will commence on Monday, 21st June; and that people in this
group can start booking their vaccination slots on the BruHealth app
from Wednesday, 16th June. On 20th June, the Ministry of Health
announced that the Moderna vaccine has arrived in Brunei. On 21st June,
it was reported by the Borneo Bulletin that the Moderna vaccines are
being utilised - "“scores of people lining up to receive their first
shots were inoculated with the Moderna vaccine, which arrived in the
country from Spain on Sunday”" See: The Ministry of Health’s press
release "“Registration For The National Vaccination Program For COVID-19
For The Second Phase”" (dated 14 Jun), archived at
<https://archive.vn/nzwGg> The Scoop’s report, entitled "“Phase 2 of
COVID-19 vaccination starts on June 21”" (dated 14 Jun), archived at
<https://archive.vn/qgiQm> The Ministry of Health’s press release
"“COVID-19 Moderna vaccine arrived in Brunei Darussalam”" (dated 20
Jun), archived at <https://archive.vn/2onLe> Borneo Bulletin’s report,
entitled "“Second phase of COVID-19 vaccination begins”" (dated 22 Jun),
archived at <https://archive.vn/XhM2i>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

### Burkina Faso (GRI: 39.06 ↓ 35.42)

#### International travel controls (C8)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Quarantine</b> arrivals from <b>some</b> regions coming into Burkina
Faso (2)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

20/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Screening</b> arrivals coming into Burkina Faso (1)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Per AU/US site they require a screening. —-
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210627180446/https://bf.usembassy.gov/u-s-citizen-services/covid-19-information/>
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210627175820/https://www.imf.org/en/Topics/imf-and-covid19/Policy-Responses-to-COVID-19>
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210627180415/https://www.gov.uk/foreign-travel-advice/burkina-faso/coronavirus>
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210606151751/https://www.smartraveller.gov.au/destinations/africa/burkina-faso>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Testing policy (H2)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Anyone</b> can be tested (open testing) is present; NA Burkina Faso
(3)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

20/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

Anyone <b>symptomatic</b> can be tested; NA Burkina Faso (2)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Based on the new coding I am putting this to a number 2 - Both testing
is available if the other testing shows results. Not open to everyone.
—-
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210627180446/https://bf.usembassy.gov/u-s-citizen-services/covid-19-information/>
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210627175820/https://www.imf.org/en/Topics/imf-and-covid19/Policy-Responses-to-COVID-19>
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210627180415/https://www.gov.uk/foreign-travel-advice/burkina-faso/coronavirus>
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210606151751/https://www.smartraveller.gov.au/destinations/africa/burkina-faso>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

### Canada (GRI: 70.83 ↑ 71.88)

#### Workplace closing (C2)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> closure of <b>all</b> sectors of business; in <b>some</b>
parts of Canada (3T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

25/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> closure of <b>some</b> sectors of business; in
<b>some</b> parts of Canada (2T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

On 25 june 2021, in the Porcupine Health region (including city of
Timmins north to James Bay) of the province of Ontario, “nonessential
retail stores with outside doors are allowed to reopen with limited
capacity.” Shopping malls, hair salons, fitness studios and other
close-contact businesses remain closed throughout Ontario and some other
jurisdictions. See Porcupine Health Region and Retail Council of Canada
websites, archived:
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210626100713/https://www.porcupinehu.on.ca/en/your-health/infectious-diseases/novel-coronavirus/>
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210626102507/https://www.retailcouncil.org/coronavirus-info-for-retailers/provincial-reopening-frameworks/>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Contact tracing (H3)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Limited</b> contact tracing (not done for all identified cases); NA
Canada (1)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

28/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Comprehensive</b> contact tracing (done for all identified cases); NA
Canada (2)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

As of 28 june 2021, all provinces and territories are applying
government of Canada guidance that when individuals “test positive for
COVID-19, a public health official will ask you questions to collect
important information about your symptoms; activities and travel you did
before you tested positive; all the people you may have been in close
contact with while you were contagious …contact tracing. It’s a key
public health measure.” With daily case counts much lower than at peak
levels earlier in 2021 and recent isolated outbreaks subsiding, there is
no evidence in the past 10 days of contact tracing efforts failing to
keep up with new cases. See Government of Canada website, archived:
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210628112551/https://www.canada.ca/en/public-health/services/diseases/2019-novel-coronavirus-infection/symptoms/testing.html>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

### China (GRI: 72.45 ↓ 70.36)

#### Workplace closing (C2)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> closure of <b>all</b> sectors of business; in <b>some</b>
parts of China (3T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

24/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> closure of <b>some</b> sectors of business; in
<b>some</b> parts of China (2T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

All high-risk areas were downgraded to mid-risk on 24 June; most
non-essential workplace are required to close in mid-risk areas.
<https://archive.vn/0Wj9j> <https://archive.vn/YwvAt>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

### Cote d’Ivoire (GRI: 41.15 ↓ 39.06)

#### Testing policy (H2)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Anyone</b> can be tested (open testing) is present; NA Cote d’Ivoire
(3)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

20/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

Anyone <b>symptomatic</b> can be tested; NA Cote d’Ivoire (2)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Based on recoding - Coding to a 2, testing all appears available but in
order to get both tests you need to be symptomatic not generally
available. —-
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210627175820/https://www.imf.org/en/Topics/imf-and-covid19/Policy-Responses-to-COVID-19>
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210627075106/https://ci.usembassy.gov/covid-19-information/>
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210627182756/https://www.gov.uk/foreign-travel-advice/cote-d-ivoire/coronavirus>
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210627182739/https://www.smartraveller.gov.au/destinations/africa/cote-divoire-ivory-coast>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

### Croatia (GRI: 42.19 ↑ 49.27)

#### School closing (C1)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>No measures</b> are present across all of Croatia (0)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

18/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Recommended closure</b> of schools or open with significant
operational differences; across <b>all</b> of Croatia (1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Schools are open, but with strict guidelines (e.g. splitting classes
into two shifts) and some offering a mixture of classroom and online
teaching.
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210624081347/https://www.koronavirus.hr/sto-moram-znati/o-skolovanju/upute-hzjz-za-vrtice-osnovne-i-srednje-skole-u-skolskoj-godini-2020-2021/770>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Restrictions on gatherings (C4)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

Restrictions on <b>medium</b> gatherings (11-100 people); across
<b>all</b> of Croatia (3G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

18/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

Restrictions on <b>large</b> gatherings (between 101-1000 people);
across <b>all</b> of Croatia (2G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

At least until 30-Jun-21: Exceptions for weddings - restricted to max.
120 people. Guests must have a valid PCR test (\>48 Hrs), be fully
vaccinated, or have recovered from COVID-19 within last 180 days.
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210624080329/https://www.wko.at/service/aussenwirtschaft/coronoavirus-update-kroatien.html>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Close public transport (C5)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>No measures</b> are present across all of Croatia (0)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

18/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Recommended closure</b> (or significant reduction in volume/routes)
of public transport; across <b>all</b> of Croatia (1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Operating with 40% capacity.
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210624080329/https://www.wko.at/service/aussenwirtschaft/coronoavirus-update-kroatien.html>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Stay at home requirements (C6)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Recommend</b> not leaving the house; across <b>all</b> of Croatia
(1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

18/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>No measures</b> are present across all of Croatia (0)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

No curfew or similar restrictions
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210624080020/https://hr.usembassy.gov/covid-19-information-2/>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Testing policy (H2)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

Anyone <b>symptomatic</b> can be tested; NA Croatia (2)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

18/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Anyone</b> can be tested (open testing) is present; NA Croatia (3)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

<https://web.archive.org/web/20210624080020/https://hr.usembassy.gov/covid-19-information-2/>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Contact tracing (H3)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>No contact tracing</b> is present across all of Croatia (0)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

18/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Limited</b> contact tracing (not done for all identified cases); NA
Croatia (1)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

<https://web.archive.org/web/20210624080329/https://www.wko.at/service/aussenwirtschaft/coronoavirus-update-kroatien.html>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Facial Coverings (H6)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Required</b> wearing of face masks at <b>all times</b> outside the
home; across <b>all</b> of Croatia (4G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

18/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Required</b> wearing of face masks in <b>all shared spaces</b>
outside the home when other people are present <b>or</b> when social
distancing not possible; across <b>all</b> of Croatia (3G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

<https://web.archive.org/web/20210624075843/https://www.koronavirus.hr/najnovije/ogranicavanje-okupljanja-i-druge-nuzne-epidemioloske-mjere-i-preporuke/870>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Vaccination policy (H7)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

Available to <b>ALL</b> key group (key workers, elderly, clinically
vulnerable); at cost to the individual Croatia (3I)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

18/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

Available to ALL key group (key workers, elderly, clinically vulnerable)
plus additional availability to wider population; at no / minimal cost
to the individual (government funded or subsidised) Croatia (4S)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Vaccinations in accordance with EU, covering all groups: A,B, C:
Vaccines in use: AstraZeneca & Pfizer / BioNtech
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210624080930/https://www.koronavirus.hr/uputa-priprema-za-cijepljenje-protiv-covid-19-884/884>
and
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210624094153/https://www.hzjz.hr/priopcenja-mediji/cetvrtina-odraslog-stanovnistva-zavrsilo-je-cijepljenje/>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

### Denmark (GRI: 59.17 ↓ 56.04)

#### School closing (C1)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> closure of <b>all</b> levels of schools; in <b>some</b>
parts of Denmark (3T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

18/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Recommended closure</b> of schools or open with significant
operational differences; across <b>all</b> of Denmark (1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Educational institutions are open. Local restrictions of schools and
educational institutions might occur. No parishes were shutdown.
<https://archive.vn/3eSW8>
<http://web.archive.org/web/20210615024118/https://en.coronasmitte.dk/latest-updates>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

### Estonia (GRI: 41.67 ↓ 40.1)

#### Workplace closing (C2)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> closure of <b>some</b> sectors of business; across
<b>all</b> of Estonia (2G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

15/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Recommended closure </b> (or work from home) of businesses or open
with significant operational differences; across <b>all</b> of Estonia
(1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

All stores may be open but social distancing must be ensured both in
stores and in service facilities, and the occupancy may not exceed 50
percent. Link:
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210517194133/https://www.kriis.ee/en/grocery-stores-shopping-centres-restaurants>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Restrictions on gatherings (C4)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

Restrictions on <b>large</b> gatherings (between 101-1000 people);
across <b>all</b> of Estonia (2G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

23/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

Restrictions on <b>very large</b> gatherings (over 1000 people); across
<b>all</b> of Estonia (1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

(Announced June 22) Beginning June 23, there is no longer a 50% capacity
restriction in indoor spaces. This means that engaging in indoor sports
activities, youth work, hobby activities and education, refresher
training and courses, sports competitions and sports and fitness events,
visiting spas, water parks, and swimming pools, organising public
meetings and events, including conferences, theatre performances,
concerts, and cinema screenings, providing entertainment services, and
attending public worship services and other public religious services
will be allowed again without the current restrictions on occupancy. The
occupancy requirements applicable to stores and service and catering
establishments will also be abolished. However, the requirement for
dispersal and disinfection requirements must still be complied with in
indoor spaces. Outdoor events can accommodate up to 1,000 participants
under the current rules. Link:
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210627141210/https://www.kriis.ee/en/news/occupancy-rule-will-be-removed-covid-19-restrictions-tomorrow>
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210627142718/https://news.err.ee/1608255117/fifty-percent-indoor-occupancy-covid-19-restriction-gone-from-wednesday>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Contact tracing (H3)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Comprehensive</b> contact tracing (done for all identified cases); NA
Estonia (2)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

15/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Limited</b> contact tracing (not done for all identified cases); NA
Estonia (1)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Close contacts may receive notification of exposure from the Health
Board or the HOIA application. Coding as a 1 as there isn’t evidence to
suggest this is the case in all instances and the main contact tracing
tool seems to be HOIA app, rather than manual comprehensive contact
tracing. Link:
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210601212258/https://www.terviseamet.ee/et/olen-lahikontaktne>
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210628120900/https://www.kriis.ee/en/hoia-mobile-app>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Facial Coverings (H6)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Required</b> wearing of face masks in <b>specific shared spaces</b>
outside the home when other people are present; across <b>all</b> of
Estonia (2G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

15/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Recommended</b> wearing of face masks; across <b>all</b> of Estonia
(1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Wearing a face mask is now recommended in indoor public spaces, but not
compulsory. Link:
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210628134234/https://www.visittallinn.ee/eng/professional/practical-info/good-to-know/important>
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210628134438/https://www.kriis.ee/en/personal-protection-equipment-masks>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

### France (GRI: 60.68 ↓ 56.25)

#### Stay at home requirements (C6)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> not leaving the house with exceptions for daily exercise,
grocery shopping, and ‘essential’ trips; across <b>all</b> of France
(2G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

21/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Recommend</b> not leaving the house; across <b>all</b> of France (1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Due to improvements in the health situation, the night-time curfew was
lifted throughout France on the evening of 20 June, 10 days earlier than
originally planned.
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210625065617/https://www.gouvernement.fr/info-coronavirus>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Facial Coverings (H6)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Required</b> wearing of face masks at <b>all times</b> outside the
home; in <b>some</b> parts of France (4T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

17/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Required</b> wearing of face masks in <b>specific shared spaces</b>
outside the home when other people are present; across <b>all</b> of
France (2G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

\*\* Update: Complete details on situations when masks are required at
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210625071537/https://www.gouvernement.fr/port-du-masque-evolution-des-regles-au-17-juin>
From 17 June, "“the end of wearing a mask outdoors with exceptions
(gatherings, queues, markets, stadiums…). The prefectural orders on the
wearing of masks will be amended as of Thursday, June 17. On the other
hand, wearing a mask in enclosed environments remains mandatory”" -
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210618164516/https://www.gouvernement.fr/info-coronavirus>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

### Guatemala (GRI: 53.54 ↓ 52.76)

#### Facial Coverings (H6)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Required</b> wearing of face masks at <b>all times</b> outside the
home; across <b>all</b> of Guatemala (4G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

22/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Required</b> wearing of face masks at <b>all times</b> outside the
home; in <b>some</b> parts of Guatemala (4T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

No change in policy <https://archive.is/TrQLz>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

### Honduras (GRI: 71.25 ↑ 72.5)

#### Income support (E1)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

Government is replacing <b>less than 50% income</b>; for <b>formal
workers only</b> in Honduras (1F)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

22/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

Government is replacing <b>less than 50% income</b>; for <b>all
workers</b> in Honduras (1A)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

No policy changes.
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210628123750/https://www.imf.org/en/Topics/imf-and-covid19/Policy-Responses-to-COVID-19>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Facial Coverings (H6)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Required</b> wearing of face masks at <b>all times</b> outside the
home; across <b>all</b> of Honduras (4G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

22/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Required</b> wearing of face masks in <b>all shared spaces</b>
outside the home when other people are present <b>or</b> when social
distancing not possible; across <b>all</b> of Honduras (3G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

The government policy is to use mask everywhere in public in the full
country.
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210628132659/https://masks4all.co/what-countries-require-masks-in-public/>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Vaccination policy (H7)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

Available to <b>TWO</b> key group (key workers, elderly, clinically
vulnerable); at no / minimal cost to the individual (government funded
or subsidised) Honduras (2S)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

22/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

Available to <b>ALL</b> key group (key workers, elderly, clinically
vulnerable); at no / minimal cost to the individual (government funded
or subsidised) Honduras (3S)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

The government is providing the vaccine for key workers, clinically
vulnerable groups and elderly groups.
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210625073446/http://www.salud.gob.hn/site/>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

### Ireland (GRI: 67.81 ↑ 69.06)

#### Vaccination policy (H7)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

Available to <b>ALL</b> key group (key workers, elderly, clinically
vulnerable); at no / minimal cost to the individual (government funded
or subsidised) Ireland (3S)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

20/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

Available to ALL key group (key workers, elderly, clinically vulnerable)
plus additional availability to wider population; at no / minimal cost
to the individual (government funded or subsidised) Ireland (4S)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

As of June 20, broad availability - "“People aged 40 to 69 who have
registered for their vaccine are also being vaccinated.”"
<http://web.archive.org/web/20210620093311/https://www2.hse.ie/screening-and-vaccinations/covid-19-vaccine/rollout/>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

### Israel (GRI: 44.27 ↑ 52.08)

#### School closing (C1)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Recommended closure</b> of schools or open with significant
operational differences; across <b>all</b> of Israel (1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

15/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>No measures</b> are present across all of Israel (0)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

General Guidance: National Guidelines for Education • All education
establishments are open with no restrictions; full normal operation
resumed • It is no longer required to wear masks indoors Abolition of
the obligation to wear a mask as of Tuesday 15/06/21 (with a few
exceptions - please see H6). Source: <https://archive.vn/3elew> \[Local
Councils Traffic Light Model\]

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>No measures</b> are present across all of Israel (0)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

20/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Recommended closure</b> of schools or open with significant
operational differences; in <b>some</b> parts of Israel (1T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

"“Following coronavirus outbreaks, an amended home isolation order was
signed by the Ministry of Health’s Director General, requiring everyone
to wear schools in all schools in Binyamina and in
Modi’in-Maccabim-Re’ut, both indoors and outdoors.”" Sources:
<https://archive.vn/Rwqs3> \[Ministry of Health release\]
<https://archive.vn/TaxCs> \[Times of Israel article\]

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Recommended closure</b> of schools or open with significant
operational differences; in <b>some</b> parts of Israel (1T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

25/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Recommended closure</b> of schools or open with significant
operational differences; across <b>all</b> of Israel (1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

As of noon, a mask now required indoors. In a select few areas, masks
are required indoors and outdoors in schools. Coding to 1G as now
different to pre-covid times and to recognise the change from no masks
to masks indoors again throughout the country. Source:
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210628185349/https://www.gov.il/en/departments/news/25062021-01>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Workplace closing (C2)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Recommended closure </b> (or work from home) of businesses or open
with significant operational differences; across <b>all</b> of Israel
(1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

15/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>No measures</b> are present across all of Israel (0)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

General Guidance: National Guidelines for Workplaces • Purple badge,
Green Pass, and occupancy restrictions are no longer relevant, resume
activities as normal • It is no longer required to wear masks indoors
Personal Care • "“Purple Badge”" restrictions are no longer relevant and
all treatments are permitted • It is no longer required to wear masks
indoors Leisure • Purple badge, Green Pass, and occupancy restrictions
are no longer relevant, resume activities as normal • It is no longer
required to wear masks indoors Retail • Purple badge, Green Pass, and
occupancy restrictions are no longer relevant, resume activities as
normal • It is no longer required to wear masks indoors Culture • Purple
badge, Green Pass, and occupancy restrictions are no longer relevant,
resume activities as normal • It is no longer required to wear masks
indoors Abolition of the obligation to wear a mask as of Tuesday
15/06/21 (with a few exceptions - please see H6). Source:
<https://archive.vn/3elew> \[Local Councils Traffic Light Model\]

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>No measures</b> are present across all of Israel (0)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

25/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Recommended closure </b> (or work from home) of businesses or open
with significant operational differences; across <b>all</b> of Israel
(1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

A mask is now required indoors. Changing back to 1G to recognise this
change and new restrictions. Source:
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210628185349/https://www.gov.il/en/departments/news/25062021-01>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Testing policy (H2)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

Anyone <b>symptomatic</b> can be tested; NA Israel (2)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

19/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Anyone</b> can be tested (open testing) is present; NA Israel (3)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Testing is widely available whether that’s through HMOs or privately at
the individual’s own expense using a lab recognised by the MoH. "“You
can perform this type of testing privately - Assuta Hospital or any
other private laboratory recognized by the Ministry of Health for this
purpose.”" - with reference to those travelling. Sources (examples):
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210627210451/https://testngo.femi.com/he/sing-in>
<https://archive.vn/846z5>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Facial Coverings (H6)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Required</b> wearing of face masks in <b>specific shared spaces</b>
outside the home when other people are present; across <b>all</b> of
Israel (2G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

15/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Recommended</b> wearing of face masks; across <b>all</b> of Israel
(1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

The Director General of the Ministry of Health, Prof. Hezi Levy, has
signed an amendment to the Public Health Order, which abolishes the
obligation to wear a mask as of Tuesday, June 15, 21, except in the
following cases: • Guests and workers are not vaccinated and do not
recover in welfare institutions and health institutions for prolonged
hospitalization and institutions for the elderly due to being in a high
risk of becoming ill. • Insulators who are on their way to the place of
isolation. • Those staying on the flight. In addition, detailed
guidelines for health institutions will be distributed in a circular
from the Ministry of Health to specify where and on whom to wear masks
in contact with patients. Source: <https://archive.vn/rg5qF>

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Recommended</b> wearing of face masks; across <b>all</b> of Israel
(1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

20/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Required</b> wearing of face masks in <b>specific shared spaces</b>
outside the home when other people are present; in <b>some</b> parts of
Israel (2T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Modiin mayor makes masks mandatory indoors for everyone across the city
- reported by Times of Israel. Source: <https://archive.vn/TaxCs>
\[Times of Israel\]

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Required</b> wearing of face masks in <b>specific shared spaces</b>
outside the home when other people are present; in <b>some</b> parts of
Israel (2T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

23/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Required</b> wearing of face masks in <b>specific shared spaces</b>
outside the home when other people are present; across <b>all</b> of
Israel (2G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Amendment to the People’s Health Ordinance (Novel Coronavirus) (Home
Isolation and Various Provisions) (Temporary Provision), 5781-2021
requires masks to be worn also in an international airport, in border
crossing points and anywhere where medical treatment is provided.
Source: <https://archive.vn/FpVJC> \[Ministry of Health\]

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

### Italy (GRI: 78.7 ↑ 79.17)

#### Restrictions on gatherings (C4)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

Restrictions on <b>small</b> gatherings (10 people or fewer); across
<b>all</b> of Italy (4G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

21/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

Restrictions on <b>small</b> gatherings (10 people or fewer); in
<b>some</b> parts of Italy (4T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

in white zones no restrictions apply on the number of people at
gatherings, in yellow or red zones the limit is still 4 adult visitors
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210625052750/https://www.governo.it/it/articolo/domande-frequenti-sulle-misure-adottate-dal-governo/15638>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Vaccination policy (H7)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

Available to ALL key group (key workers, elderly, clinically vulnerable)
plus additional availability to wider population; at no / minimal cost
to the individual (government funded or subsidised) Italy (4S)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

19/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Universal</b> availability; at no / minimal cost to the individual
(government funded or subsidised) Italy (5S)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Valle D’Aosta and Puglia now are also vaccinating people from 12+
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210606144502/https://www.lastampa.it/aosta/2021/06/06/news/in-valle-d-aosta-partono-le-vaccinazioni-aperte-a-tutte-le-fasce-d-eta-immunita-di-gregge-entro-luglio-1.40359210>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

### Liberia (GRI: 46.98 ↑ 53.75)

#### Workplace closing (C2)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> closure of <b>some</b> sectors of business; across
<b>all</b> of Liberia (2G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

18/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Recommended closure </b> (or work from home) of businesses or open
with significant operational differences; across <b>all</b> of Liberia
(1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

on June 18 2021 the government revised some measures due to increasing
number of infections. nightclubs and bars are to be closed at 9 pm
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210628143355/http://moh.gov.lr/wp-content/uploads/COVID-19-National-Guidelines.pdf>
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210627202659/https://www.garda.com/crisis24/news-alerts/492606/liberia-authorities-update-covid-19-related-measures-june-18-update-25>
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210627195939/https://lr.usembassy.gov/covid-19-information/>
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210627201037/https://www.garda.com/crisis24/news-alerts/491696/liberia-authorities-maintaining-covid-19-related-measures-as-of-june-17-update-24>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Cancel public events (C3)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Recommend</b> cancellation of public events; across <b>all</b> of
Liberia (1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

18/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> cancellation of public events; across <b>all</b> of
Liberia (2G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

on June 18 2021 the government revised some measures due to increasing
number of infections. the government urges to cap gathering at 20 people
and restriction of wedding, funerals and parties.
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210627202659/https://www.garda.com/crisis24/news-alerts/492606/liberia-authorities-update-covid-19-related-measures-june-18-update-25>
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210627195939/https://lr.usembassy.gov/covid-19-information/>
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210627201037/https://www.garda.com/crisis24/news-alerts/491696/liberia-authorities-maintaining-covid-19-related-measures-as-of-june-17-update-24>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Stay at home requirements (C6)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>No measures</b> are present across all of Liberia (0)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

18/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Recommend</b> not leaving the house; across <b>all</b> of Liberia
(1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

on June 18 2021 the government revised some measures due to increasing
number of infections. the government urges to cap gathering at 20 people
and restriction of wedding, funerals and parties. for people under the
number of 20 they are advised to take precautions. And public
institutions and super markets and public transports are functioning at
reduced capacity
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210627202659/https://www.garda.com/crisis24/news-alerts/492606/liberia-authorities-update-covid-19-related-measures-june-18-update-25>
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210627195939/https://lr.usembassy.gov/covid-19-information/>
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210627201037/https://www.garda.com/crisis24/news-alerts/491696/liberia-authorities-maintaining-covid-19-related-measures-as-of-june-17-update-24>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### International travel controls (C8)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Quarantine</b> arrivals from <b>some</b> regions coming into Liberia
(2)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

18/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Ban</b> arrivals from <b>some</b> regions coming into Liberia (3)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Passengers who have been present in India, Pakistan, or Bangladesh
within the last 14 days will not be allowed entry into Liberia .
Travelers from Nepal and Brazil are required to undergo quarantine at a
government-approved facility at their own expense. They will be tested
on the seventh day of isolation and released if the result is negative.
All other incoming travelers must present a negative PCR COVID-19 test
result upon arrival at the airport in Liberia regardless of vaccination
status. Travelers will be tested for COVID-19 upon arrival at the
traveler’s expense.
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210627202659/https://www.garda.com/crisis24/news-alerts/492606/liberia-authorities-update-covid-19-related-measures-june-18-update-25>
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210627195939/https://lr.usembassy.gov/covid-19-information/>
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210627201037/https://www.garda.com/crisis24/news-alerts/491696/liberia-authorities-maintaining-covid-19-related-measures-as-of-june-17-update-24>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Protection of elderly people (H8)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>No measures</b> are present across all of Liberia (0)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

18/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Recommended</b> isolation, hygiene, and visitor restriction measures
in LTCFs and/or elderly people to stay at home; across <b>all</b> of
Liberia (1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

since the government has announced the rising number of corona virus
infections there have been a review in some measures, and hence
government requires citizens to stay at home increased precautions to be
made and institutions and transport facilities to function at reduced
capacity
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210628143355/http://moh.gov.lr/wp-content/uploads/COVID-19-National-Guidelines.pdf>
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210627202659/https://www.garda.com/crisis24/news-alerts/492606/liberia-authorities-update-covid-19-related-measures-june-18-update-25>
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210627195939/https://lr.usembassy.gov/covid-19-information/>
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210627201037/https://www.garda.com/crisis24/news-alerts/491696/liberia-authorities-maintaining-covid-19-related-measures-as-of-june-17-update-24>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

### Malta (GRI: 64.58 ↓ 62.5)

#### School closing (C1)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> closure of <b>some</b> levels of schools; across
<b>all</b> of Malta (2G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

28/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Recommended closure</b> of schools or open with significant
operational differences; across <b>all</b> of Malta (1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

On 28 June 2021, summer schools re-opened. While the scholastic year of
normal school and universities is over, this is a significant
development in terms of in person education. However, certain covid-19
mitigation measures remain in place. Source:
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210628054200/https://www.independent.com.mt/articles/2021-05-29/local-news/Summer-schools-expecting-to-welcome-back-throngs-of-students-for-a-fun-and-safe-summer-6736233906>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

### Namibia (GRI: 51.35 ↑ 54.48)

#### School closing (C1)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Recommended closure</b> of schools or open with significant
operational differences; across <b>all</b> of Namibia (1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

17/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> closure of <b>all</b> levels of schools; in <b>some</b>
parts of Namibia (3T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

As reported by Namibia’s New Era newspaper, the Education Ministry of
Namibia clarified on June 17, 2021 that in-person education would be
suspended in three heavily-affected areas: Windhoek, Rehoboth and
Okahandja, until the 30th of June. Schools in other areas are continuing
in-person teaching with health regulations until the winter holiday
beginning June 25th.
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210619001402/https://neweralive.na/posts/schools-only-closed-in-locked-down-areas>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Restrictions on gatherings (C4)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

Restrictions on <b>medium</b> gatherings (11-100 people); across
<b>all</b> of Namibia (3G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

16/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

Restrictions on <b>small</b> gatherings (10 people or fewer); across
<b>all</b> of Namibia (4G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

According to the U.S. Embassy in Namibia, as of June 16, 2021, the
number of attendees at?public gatherings?indoor and outdoor has been
reduced to 10 people.?
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210616140741/https://na.usembassy.gov/covid-19-information/>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Restrictions on internal movement (C7)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Recommend</b> to not travel between regions/cities; across <b>all</b>
of Namibia (1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

16/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Internal travel restrictions</b> are in place; in <b>some</b> parts
of Namibia (2T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

According to the U.S. Embassy in Namibia, starting June 16, 2021,
restrictions are in place for travel into and out of the city, such as
in Okahandja and Rehoboth. Returning residents are allowed.
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210616140741/https://na.usembassy.gov/covid-19-information/>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

### Nicaragua (GRI: 16.77 ↓ 12.6)

#### School closing (C1)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Recommended closure</b> of schools or open with significant
operational differences; across <b>all</b> of Nicaragua (1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

22/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>No measures</b> are present across all of Nicaragua (0)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Schools never closed by the government <https://archive.is/uJyH4>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Testing policy (H2)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

NA; NA Nicaragua (1)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

22/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>No testing policy</b> are present across all of Nicaragua (0)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

No policy in place <https://archive.is/uJyH4>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

### Nigeria (GRI: 41.25 ↑ 42.5)

#### Vaccination policy (H7)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

Available to <b>ALL</b> key group (key workers, elderly, clinically
vulnerable); at no / minimal cost to the individual (government funded
or subsidised) Nigeria (3S)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

22/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

Available to ALL key group (key workers, elderly, clinically vulnerable)
plus additional availability to wider population; at no / minimal cost
to the individual (government funded or subsidised) Nigeria (4S)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

COVID-19 vaccines if you live in Nigeria Wherever possible British
nationals living in Nigeria should aim to be vaccinated in Nigeria. You
should seek advice from your healthcare provider on the availability of
vaccines locally. You can also obtain further information from National
Primary Health Care Development Agency (NPHCDA) or contact individual
State Health authorities who will be responsible for the vaccine roll
out in each State. A national vaccination programme was launched on 5
March. Health workers (and other front line staff) will be prioritised
in the first phase. This will be followed by phase 2 (people aged 50 and
above) and phase 3 (people with co-morbidities). The vaccine
registration e-portal is now open on the NPHCDA website. Nigerians and
residents of Nigeria will be eligible according to priority. You should
upload your National Identity Number (NIN), passport or other forms of
ID as advised on the portal in order to register. You can get further
information on registration from the NPHCDA on 00 234 (0) 803 123
0415/0416. See:
<http://web.archive.org/web/20210621163406/https://www.gov.uk/foreign-travel-advice/nigeria/coronavirus>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

### Oman (GRI: 51.88 ↑ 74.79)

#### Workplace closing (C2)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Recommended closure </b> (or work from home) of businesses or open
with significant operational differences; across <b>all</b> of Oman (1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

22/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> closure of <b>some</b> sectors of business; across
<b>all</b> of Oman (2G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Wedding halls have re-closed. In addition, "“According to the
committee’s decision, all public places and commercial activities will
be closed during the night curfew. However, essential businesses will be
allowed to remain open, and home-delivery services are exempted from the
lockdown.”"
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210628142806/https://timesofoman.com/article/102990-meetings-gatherings-banned-at-hotels-in-oman>
<https://archive.vn/2021.06.21-164318/https://gulfnews.com/world/gulf/oman/covid-19-oman-bans-movement-from-8pm-to-4am-until-further-notice-1.80043683>
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210628135557/https://timesofoman.com/article/102956-night-lockdown-in-oman-until-further-notice>
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210628141845/https://gulfnews.com/world/gulf/oman/oman-shopping-malls-must-operate-at-only-50-capacity-1.79858720>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Cancel public events (C3)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Recommend</b> cancellation of public events; across <b>all</b> of
Oman (1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

22/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> cancellation of public events; across <b>all</b> of Oman
(2G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

<https://web.archive.org/web/20210628142806/https://timesofoman.com/article/102990-meetings-gatherings-banned-at-hotels-in-oman>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Restrictions on gatherings (C4)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

Restrictions on <b>large</b> gatherings (between 101-1000 people);
across <b>all</b> of Oman (2G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

22/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

Restrictions on <b>small</b> gatherings (10 people or fewer); across
<b>all</b> of Oman (4G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Coding the most stringent policy, "“These steps include “preventing the
operation of meeting and party halls throughout the day, and prohibiting
gatherings of any nature,” and the “closure of all public facilities in
hotels and tourist areas, between 8 pm and 4 am, with food provided
through room service during this period.”"
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210628142806/https://timesofoman.com/article/102990-meetings-gatherings-banned-at-hotels-in-oman>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Close public transport (C5)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>No measures</b> are present across all of Oman (0)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

22/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Recommended closure</b> (or significant reduction in volume/routes)
of public transport; across <b>all</b> of Oman (1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Some services running have been reduced.
<https://archive.vn/2021.06.28-142928/https://twitter.com/mwasalat_om/status/1406502364278923265>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Stay at home requirements (C6)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>No measures</b> are present across all of Oman (0)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

19/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> not leaving the house with exceptions for daily exercise,
grocery shopping, and ‘essential’ trips; across <b>all</b> of Oman (2G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

‘On June 19, 2021, the Government of Oman’s Supreme Committee on
COVID-19 announced a new curfew starting Sunday, June 20, 2021 until
further notice. From 8 p.m. to 4 a.m., there will be a curfew, a ban on
commercial activities, and a closure of all public places. Pharmacies,
hospitals, home delivery services, and airports will remain open.
Individuals may continue to travel to and from airports but must carry a
printed copy of their flight itinerary to present proof of travel at
police inspection points.’ <https://archive.vn/9yPME>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Restrictions on internal movement (C7)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>No measures</b> are present across all of Oman (0)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

19/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Recommend</b> to not travel between regions/cities; across <b>all</b>
of Oman (1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

‘On June 19, 2021, the Government of Oman’s Supreme Committee on
COVID-19 announced a new curfew starting Sunday, June 20, 2021 until
further notice. From 8 p.m. to 4 a.m., there will be a curfew, a ban on
commercial activities, and a closure of all public places. Pharmacies,
hospitals, home delivery services, and airports will remain open.
Individuals may continue to travel to and from airports but must carry a
printed copy of their flight itinerary to present proof of travel at
police inspection points.’ <https://archive.vn/9yPME>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Protection of elderly people (H8)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>No measures</b> are present across all of Oman (0)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

22/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Narrow restrictions</b> for protecting elderly people; across
<b>all</b> of Oman (2G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Carrying over C6
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210628135557/https://timesofoman.com/article/102956-night-lockdown-in-oman-until-further-notice>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

### Portugal (GRI: 70.62 ↓ 67.5)

#### Restrictions on internal movement (C7)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>No measures</b> are present across all of Portugal (0)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

18/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Internal travel restrictions</b> are in place; in <b>some</b> parts
of Portugal (2T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

"“Only in the Lisbon Metropolitan Area (Alcochete, Almada, Barreiro,
Amadora, Cascais, Lisbon, Loures, Mafra, Moita, Montijo, Odivelas,
Oeiras, Palmela, Seixal, Sintra, Sesimbra, Setúbal, Vila Franca de Xira)
Circulation to and from the Lisbon Metropolitan Area is prohibited
between 3pm on June 18th and 6am on June 21st, with the following
exceptions: - professional activities (provided that it is accompanied
by a declaration); - health reasons; - attendance at school
establishments; - necessary circulation to leave the mainland national
territory; - circulation of non-resident citizens to places of proven
permanence; - return home.”" Source:
<http://web.archive.org/web/20210619000323/https://www.visitportugal.com/en/content/covid-19-measures-implemented-portugal>

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Internal travel restrictions</b> are in place; in <b>some</b> parts
of Portugal (2T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

21/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>No measures</b> are present across all of Portugal (0)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Travel restrictions to and from the Lisbon Metropolitan area ended today
at 6am. Source:
<http://web.archive.org/web/20210619000323/https://www.visitportugal.com/en/content/covid-19-measures-implemented-portugal>

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>No measures</b> are present across all of Portugal (0)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

25/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Internal travel restrictions</b> are in place; in <b>some</b> parts
of Portugal (2T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

"“Specific Rules at Lisbon Metropolitan Area (includes municipalities of
Alcochete, Almada, Barreiro, Amadora, Cascais, Lisbon, Loures, Mafra,
Moita, Montijo, Odivelas, Oeiras, Palmela, Seixal, Sintra, Sesimbra,
Setúbal, Vila Franca de Xira) Circulation to and from the Lisbon
Metropolitan Area is prohibited between 3pm on June 25th and 6am on June
28th, with the following exceptions: - professional activities (provided
that it is accompanied by a declaration); - health reasons; - attendance
at school establishments; - necessary circulation to leave the mainland
national territory; - circulation of non-resident citizens (tourists) to
places of proven permanence (ex. Hotel or Airbnb reservation); - return
home; - To enter and exit the area: RT¬-PCR Test (with 72h max.), or
Rapid Antigen Test (with 48h max.) with negative result, or EU Digital
COVID Certificate.”" Source: <https://archive.vn/IMf3c>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Contact tracing (H3)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Comprehensive</b> contact tracing (done for all identified cases); NA
Portugal (2)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

19/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Limited</b> contact tracing (not done for all identified cases); NA
Portugal (1)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

The report of the Directorate General for Health and the National
Institute Doctor Ricardo Jorge, notes that has been a delay in the
epidemiological surveys in Lisbon. According to the report, more the
1000 surveys have not been conducted. The increase in the number cases
in the region is leading to delays in identification and isolation of
cases. Source:
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210625003829/https://www.rtp.pt/noticias/pais/mais-de-1000-inqueritos-epidemiologicos-atrasados-em-lisboa-e-vale-do-tejo_v1328975>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

### Qatar (GRI: 74.27 ↓ 72.71)

#### Workplace closing (C2)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Recommended closure </b> (or work from home) of businesses or open
with significant operational differences; across <b>all</b> of Qatar
(1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

15/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> closure of <b>some</b> sectors of business; across
<b>all</b> of Qatar (2G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

No change found The Qatari government announced a plan to lift COVID-19
restrictions in four phases. As of the 28th of May, offices can operate
at a maximum capacity of 50 %. Business meetings are limited to 15
vaccinated individuals.
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210531122917/https://covid19.moph.gov.qa/EN/Precautions-for-lifting-restrictions/Business-Leisure/Pages/Return-to-Work.aspx>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Restrictions on gatherings (C4)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

Restrictions on <b>small</b> gatherings (10 people or fewer); across
<b>all</b> of Qatar (4G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

18/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

Restrictions on <b>medium</b> gatherings (11-100 people); across
<b>all</b> of Qatar (3G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

The Qatari government announced a plan to lift COVID-19 restrictions in
four phases. As of June 18, social gatherings are limited to a maximum
of 10 vaccinated people, or 5 unvaccinated people indoors. No more than
20 vaccinated people, or 10 unvaccinated people can gather outdoors.
Mosques to remain open for daily prayers and Friday prayers. Toilets and
ablution areas will remain closed. Children under 7 years old are not
allowed. Up to 10 people are permitted to gather at parks and beaches.
Playgrounds and exercise equipment remains closed. Private beaches
operate at 40 % capacity. Weddings are permitted at hotels and wedding
venues for up to 40 people of which at least 75% need to be vaccinated.
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210621104245/https://www.gco.gov.qa/en/preventative-measures/>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Restrictions on internal movement (C7)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>No measures</b> are present across all of Qatar (0)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

15/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Recommend</b> to not travel between regions/cities; across <b>all</b>
of Qatar (1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

The Qatari government announced a plan to lift COVID-19 restrictions in
four phases. As of the 28th of May, restaurants, cafes, shopping
centres, gyms, public parks, cinemas, museums, and libraries can open at
30 % capacity. The wearing of facemasks in the public is mandatory.
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210531161612/https://covid19.moph.gov.qa/EN/Precautions-for-lifting-restrictions/Business-Leisure/Pages/Shopping-Malls.aspx>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### International travel controls (C8)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Quarantine</b> arrivals from <b>some</b> regions coming into Qatar
(2)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

15/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Ban</b> arrivals from <b>some</b> regions coming into Qatar (3)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

No change found ‘Travelers to adhere to quarantine rules.’
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210518070939/https://covid19.moph.gov.qa/EN/Precautions-for-lifting-restrictions/Transport/Pages/Flights-Travel.aspx>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Income support (E1)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

Government is replacing <b>more than 50% income</b>; for <b>formal
workers only</b> in Qatar (2F)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

15/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

Government is replacing <b>more than 50% income</b>; for <b>all
workers</b> in Qatar (2A)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

No change found
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210322234308/https://home.kpmg/xx/en/home/insights/2020/04/qatar-government-and-institution-measures-in-response-to-covid.html>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Facial Coverings (H6)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Required</b> wearing of face masks in <b>all shared spaces</b>
outside the home when other people are present <b>or</b> when social
distancing not possible; across <b>all</b> of Qatar (3G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

15/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Required</b> wearing of face masks at <b>all times</b> outside the
home; across <b>all</b> of Qatar (4G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Masks to be worn by all, including any staff present. Those exercising
or participating in sports are excluded.
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210517231346/https://covid19.moph.gov.qa/EN/Precautions-for-lifting-restrictions/Gatherings/Pages/Social-Gatherings.aspx>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

### Russia (GRI: 59.37 ↑ 61.2)

#### Workplace closing (C2)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Recommended closure </b> (or work from home) of businesses or open
with significant operational differences; across <b>all</b> of Russia
(1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

18/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> closure of <b>some</b> sectors of business; in
<b>some</b> parts of Russia (2T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Moscow has extended its coronavirus restrictions until June 29, Mayor
Sobyanin announced. Outdoor theatres, playgrounds, food courts,
children’s playrooms in malls, and zoos will remain closed through
June 29. Restaurants and bars must close from 11 p.m. to 6 a.m.
Theatres, movie theatres, museums and other cultural venues will only be
able to serve 1,000 people at a time. Fan zones, dance floors and other
venues for mass events will be closed. <https://archive.vn/GAnse>

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> closure of <b>some</b> sectors of business; in
<b>some</b> parts of Russia (2T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

27/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> closure of <b>all</b> sectors of business; in <b>some</b>
parts of Russia (3T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

The authorities of Buryatia have decided to return to tough restrictions
due to the increase in the incidence of COVID-19. A total lockdown
(non-working day regime) is being introduced in the republic from June
27 to July 11 <https://archive.vn/5KJwv>

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> closure of <b>all</b> sectors of business; in <b>some</b>
parts of Russia (3T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

28/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> closure of <b>some</b> sectors of business; in
<b>some</b> parts of Russia (2T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Moscow authorities reimposed work-from-home restrictions as the Russian
capital posted a new daily record for Covid-19 deaths due to a surging
outbreak of the Delta variant. In a decree published on his website,
Mayor Sergei Sobyanin ordered that businesses cut their number of
in-office workers by 30% from June 28. Vaccinated employees would be
excluded, the decree said, adding that all workers aged over 65 as well
as those with pre-existing conditions would have to work from home. From
June 28, all Moscow cafes and restaurants will only serve customers who
have been vaccinated; who have had Covid-19 in the past six months; or
who present a negative Covid-19 test taken within the past 78 hours.
<https://archive.vn/GAnse>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Cancel public events (C3)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Recommend</b> cancellation of public events; across <b>all</b> of
Russia (1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

18/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Recommend</b> cancellation of public events; in <b>some</b> parts of
Russia (1T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Moscow has extended its coronavirus restrictions until June 29, Mayor
Sobyanin announced. Outdoor theatres, playgrounds, food courts,
children’s playrooms in malls, and zoos will remain closed through
June 29. Restaurants and bars must close from 11 p.m. to 6 a.m.
Theatres, movie theatres, museums and other cultural venues will only be
able to serve 1,000 people at a time. Fan zones, dance floors and other
venues for mass events will be closed. <https://archive.vn/GAnse>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Restrictions on gatherings (C4)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

Restrictions on <b>medium</b> gatherings (11-100 people); across
<b>all</b> of Russia (3G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

18/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

Restrictions on <b>medium</b> gatherings (11-100 people); in <b>some</b>
parts of Russia (3T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

In the Moscow region, indoor gatherings of more than 50 people and
outdoors events of more than 500 are prohibited. In the city of Moscow,
the mayor has implemented a system of QR codes for those seeking to dine
in restaurants and cafes. <https://archive.vn/11ilI>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Stay at home requirements (C6)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Recommend</b> not leaving the house; across <b>all</b> of Russia (1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

27/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> not leaving the house with <b>minimal exceptions</b> (eg
allowed to leave once a week, or only one person can leave at a time,
etc); in <b>some</b> parts of Russia (3T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

The authorities of Buryatia have decided to return to tough restrictions
due to the increase in the incidence of COVID-19. A total lockdown
(non-working day regime) is being introduced in the republic from June
27 to July 11. <https://archive.vn/5KJwv>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### International travel controls (C8)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Quarantine</b> arrivals from <b>some</b> regions coming into Russia
(2)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

18/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Ban</b> arrivals from <b>some</b> regions coming into Russia (3)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

The Government of the Russian Federation banned the entry of foreign
nationals, including U.S. citizens, with a few exceptions. The ban does
not apply to aeroplane crew members, permanent residents of the Russian
Federation who hold a valid residence permit, or transit passengers. In
addition, the Russian government allows the entry of foreigners for
medical treatment or in order to care for relatives in Russia. Health
screening procedures are in place at airports and other ports of entry.
<https://archive.vn/11ilI>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Protection of elderly people (H8)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Recommended</b> isolation, hygiene, and visitor restriction measures
in LTCFs and/or elderly people to stay at home; across <b>all</b> of
Russia (1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

18/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Recommended</b> isolation, hygiene, and visitor restriction measures
in LTCFs and/or elderly people to stay at home; in <b>some</b> parts of
Russia (1T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

The elderly are advised to refrain from travels, stay at home or in the
country. <https://archive.vn/XYMyI> <https://archive.vn/GAnse>

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Recommended</b> isolation, hygiene, and visitor restriction measures
in LTCFs and/or elderly people to stay at home; in <b>some</b> parts of
Russia (1T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

28/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Extensive restrictions</b> for protection of elderly people; in
<b>some</b> parts of Russia (3T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Moscow authorities reimposed work-from-home restrictions as the Russian
capital posted a new daily record for Covid-19 deaths due to a surging
outbreak of the Delta variant. All workers aged over 65 as well as those
with pre-existing conditions would have to work from home.
<https://archive.vn/GAnse>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

### Sierra Leone (GRI: 44.06 ↑ 50.83)

#### Workplace closing (C2)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Recommended closure </b> (or work from home) of businesses or open
with significant operational differences; across <b>all</b> of Sierra
Leone (1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

17/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> closure of <b>some</b> sectors of business; across
<b>all</b> of Sierra Leone (2G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

regarding a third wave of Covid 19 infection the government of Sierra
Leone has announced on 17th of june 2021, Night clubs and cinemas be
banned for one month.
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210620211819/https://dhse.gov.sl/wp-content/uploads/2021/06/Public-Notice-Third-Wave-17062021.pdf>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Cancel public events (C3)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Recommend</b> cancellation of public events; across <b>all</b> of
Sierra Leone (1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

17/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> cancellation of public events; across <b>all</b> of
Sierra Leone (2G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

regarding a third wave of Covid 19 infection the government of Sierra
Leone has announced on 17th of June 2021, Large-scale entertainment
activities or any super-spreader events are banned for the period of one
month effective immediately
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210620211819/https://dhse.gov.sl/wp-content/uploads/2021/06/Public-Notice-Third-Wave-17062021.pdf>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Facial Coverings (H6)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Required</b> wearing of face masks in <b>all shared spaces</b>
outside the home when other people are present <b>or</b> when social
distancing not possible; across <b>all</b> of Sierra Leone (3G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

17/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Required</b> wearing of face masks at <b>all times</b> outside the
home; across <b>all</b> of Sierra Leone (4G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Since the announcement of the third wave, the state gov has been urging
citizens to follow precautionary measure to reduce the covid 19 spread.
The mandatory wearing of face mask in all public places and
transportation with the NaCOVERC enforcing wearing of face mask at shops
and at indoor and outdoor markets and crowded stalls with slogan (NO
MASK NO ENTRY)
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210620211819/https://dhse.gov.sl/wp-content/uploads/2021/06/Public-Notice-Third-Wave-17062021.pdf>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

### Singapore (GRI: 76.56 ↓ 72.92)

#### School closing (C1)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> closure of <b>all</b> levels of schools; across
<b>all</b> of Singapore (3G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

28/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> closure of <b>some</b> levels of schools; across
<b>all</b> of Singapore (2G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

June 28 marks the end of the June holidays and the beginning of a new
semester in the Singapore Academic calendar. Schools are gradually
re-opening, starting with some levels resuming in-person classes and
working towards all level returning to in-person classes by July 6. All
schools must continue to adhere to covid prevention guidelines (aka safe
management measures - SMMs).
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Quote (1): "“1. As
Singapore moves into Phase 3 (Heightened Alert) with gradual easing of
community safe management measures (SMMs), the Ministry of Education
(MOE) will progressively bring students back to school after the June
school holidays. The Institutes of Higher Learning (IHLs) will also
gradually increase the number of students allowed back on campus for
face-to-face learning. Schools and IHL campuses will continue to adhere
to SMMs to keep students and staff safe. 2. To ease into full resumption
of school when Term 3 begins on Monday, 28 June 2021, the following
arrangements have been made for students from primary and secondary
schools, junior colleges (JCs) and Millennia Institute (MI) for the
first week of school (please refer to the ANNEX for the illustrative
schedule for Week 1): - From Monday, 28 June 2021, Primary 4 to 6,
Secondary 3 to 5 and all JC/MI students will return to school. -
Secondary 1 and 2 students will be on Home-Based Learning (HBL) till
Wednesday, 30 June 2021, and will return to school from Thursday, 1 July
2021. - Primary 1 to 3 students will be on HBL for the first week, and
schools will continue to provide instructions and support for students
to access online and hardcopy HBL materials. 3. All levels of students
will return to school from Tuesday, 6 July 2021 onwards, as Monday, 5
July 2021 is a school holiday (Youth Day).”" Link (1):
<http://web.archive.org/web/20210628140907/https://www.moe.gov.sg/news/press-releases/20210614-arrangements-for-schools-and-institutes-of-higher-learning-under-phase-3-heightened-alert>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Facial Coverings (H6)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Required</b> wearing of face masks at <b>all times</b> outside the
home; across <b>all</b> of Singapore (4G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

20/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Required</b> wearing of face masks in <b>all shared spaces</b>
outside the home when other people are present <b>or</b> when social
distancing not possible; across <b>all</b> of Singapore (3G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

No coding changes for the period of 20-28 June 2021.
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ \*\*\* Please refer to notes
dates 31 May 2021: Quote (1): "“t is mandatory for all persons who are 6
years old and above to wear a mask when leaving their homes. Masks help
to reduce the expulsion and transmission of droplets, which is the
predominant route of transmission of COVID-19. It is therefore important
for you to wear a mask, so that you will not spread the infection to
others if you are infected. This is important even if you feel well,
because you may be infected but asymptomatic. It may be difficult for
persons who are out in the community to avoid contact with others
completely, including with infected persons who have very mild symptoms
or may not show any symptoms. The wearing of masks is therefore an
important precaution we can all take. Everyone must wear a mask when
outside of their homes. This applies on public transport, taxis, private
hire cars, walking to or at markets, and also for permitted enterprise
workers at all workplace premises, whether they are frontline staff
(such as food handlers, cashiers and bus drivers) or performing back
office functions (such as data entry personnel and payroll executives).
Individuals may remove their mask while engaging in outdoor or strenuous
exercise (e.g. running/ jogging/cycling, contact sports/games, static
exercises and drills including taichi and qigong, brisk walking or
walking up hilly terrain), but they must put it back on after completing
exercise. Those walking at a normal pace would be required to wear a
mask.”" Link (1):
<http://archive.today/2021.05.31-162004/https://www.moh.gov.sg/covid-19/faqs/faqs---masks-and-personal-protective-equipment-(ppe)>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

### Spain (GRI: 60.78 ↓ 57.66)

#### Facial Coverings (H6)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Required</b> wearing of face masks at <b>all times</b> outside the
home; across <b>all</b> of Spain (4G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

26/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Required</b> wearing of face masks in <b>specific shared spaces</b>
outside the home when other people are present; across <b>all</b> of
Spain (2G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

New rules on the use of face masks in Spain will come into effect on
June 26. As of this date, the covering will not have to be worn outdoors
if a distance of 1.5 meters can be observed. It will, however, be
mandatory to carry a face mask at all times so that it can be put on in
situations where social distancing cannot be maintained. Source:
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210628033850/https://www.infobae.com/america/mundo/2021/06/26/espana-vive-su-primer-dia-sin-mascarilla-obligatoria-al-aire-libre/>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

### Switzerland (GRI: 53.23 ↑ 54.48)

#### Vaccination policy (H7)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

Available to <b>ALL</b> key group (key workers, elderly, clinically
vulnerable); at no / minimal cost to the individual (government funded
or subsidised) Switzerland (3S)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

19/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

Available to ALL key group (key workers, elderly, clinically vulnerable)
plus additional availability to wider population; at no / minimal cost
to the individual (government funded or subsidised) Switzerland (4S)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Ongoing vaccination campaign. “All adults can have the vaccination in
their canton”, using Pfizer, Moderna and Johnson & Johnson. Please see:
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210625151225/https://www.bag.admin.ch/bag/en/home/krankheiten/ausbrueche-epidemien-pandemien/aktuelle-ausbrueche-epidemien/novel-cov/massnahmen-des-bundes.html>
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210618142919/https://foph-coronavirus.ch/vaccination/when-can-i-be-vaccinated/>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

### Tonga (GRI: 25 ↑ 30)

#### School closing (C1)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Recommended closure</b> of schools or open with significant
operational differences; across <b>all</b> of Tonga (1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

15/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>No measures</b> are present across all of Tonga (0)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Between June 15th to June 20th schools are fully open. See in UNESCO
website, last updated June 20th, 2021 archived:
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210621133025/https://en.unesco.org/covid19/educationresponse>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### International travel controls (C8)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Border closure</b> (ban on all regions) in Tonga (4)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

15/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Ban</b> arrivals from <b>some</b> regions coming into Tonga (3)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

In the period from June 15th to June 20th no have new informations about
this indicator in the Ministry of Health website. Tonga declares itself
free territory of Covid-19 as it has been without cases since April 18,
2021See in Ministry of Health website, archived:
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210621131003/https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/bootstrap@3.4.1/dist/css/bootstrap.css>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Public information campaigns (H1)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

Public officials have a <b>co-ordinated public information campaign</b>
about COVID-19; across <b>all</b> of Tonga (2G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

15/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

Public officials <b>urge caution</b> about COVID-19 in; across
<b>all</b> of Tonga (1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

In website of Ministry of Health in the period from June 15th to June
20th have a quiz about Covid-19. Tonga declares itself free territory of
Covid-19 as it has been without cases since April 18, 2021See in
Ministry of Health website, archived:
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210621131003/https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/bootstrap@3.4.1/dist/css/bootstrap.css>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Vaccination policy (H7)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

Available to <b>ONE</b> key group (key workers, elderly, clinically
vulnerable); at no / minimal cost to the individual (government funded
or subsidised) Tonga (1S)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

21/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

Available to ALL key group (key workers, elderly, clinically vulnerable)
plus additional availability to wider population; at no / minimal cost
to the individual (government funded or subsidised) Tonga (4S)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

In the period from June 15th to June 20th no have new informations about
this indicator in the Ministry of Health website. Tonga declares itself
free territory of Covid-19 as it has been without cases since April 18,
2021. See in Ministry of Health website, archived:
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210621131003/https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/bootstrap@3.4.1/dist/css/bootstrap.css>
Vaccines administrated: Astrazeneca. Groups: frontline workers including
staff from the Health Ministry, Tonga Police, Majesty’s Armed Forces,
Tonga Fire and Emergency Services, ports and airport staff. See in WHO
website, archived:
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210621151756/https://www.who.int/westernpacific/about/how-we-work/pacific-support/news/detail/31-03-2021-kingdom-of-tonga-receives-24-000-doses-of-covid-19-vaccines-through-the-covax-facility>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

### Ukraine (GRI: 59.69 ↑ 60.21)

#### Workplace closing (C2)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Recommended closure </b> (or work from home) of businesses or open
with significant operational differences; across <b>all</b> of Ukraine
(1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

17/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> closure of <b>some</b> sectors of business; across
<b>all</b> of Ukraine (2G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

"“Restaurants, cafes, and bars must close 23:59-07:00.”" "“Only the
outdoor terraces are allowed to be opened. The decision on the opening
and closing of cafes adopts by local authorities. That is why rules of
visiting vary from region to region.”"
<http://web.archive.org/web/20210625121909/https://covid19.gov.ua/en>
<http://web.archive.org/web/20210616160139/https://www.garda.com/crisis24/news-alerts/483816/ukraine-authorities-maintaining-covid-19-related-restrictions-as-of-may-27-update-27>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Cancel public events (C3)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> cancellation of public events; across <b>all</b> of
Ukraine (2G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

17/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Recommend</b> cancellation of public events; across <b>all</b> of
Ukraine (1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Events The government allowed excursions for groups up to 50 people, as
well as indoor religious events, provided 1 person per 5 sq m and
visitors maintained a distance of 1.5 meters.
<http://web.archive.org/web/20210625121909/https://covid19.gov.ua/en>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Restrictions on gatherings (C4)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

Restrictions on <b>small</b> gatherings (10 people or fewer); across
<b>all</b> of Ukraine (4G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

17/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

Restrictions on <b>medium</b> gatherings (11-100 people); across
<b>all</b> of Ukraine (3G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

and banks Operation is restored. Visitors are to wear masks at all times
on the premises. Cafes Only the outdoor terraces are allowed to be
opened. The decision on the opening and closing of cafes adopts by local
authorities. That is why rules of visiting vary from region to region.
Sport clubs For sports clubs: the number of visitors should not exceed 1
person per 10 sq m in individual workout, and 5 sq m per person during
team workouts (but up to 10 people in a group). Events The government
allowed excursions for groups up to 50 people, as well as indoor
religious events, provided 1 person per 5 sq m and visitors maintained a
distance of 1.5 meters.
<http://web.archive.org/web/20210625121909/https://covid19.gov.ua/en>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Restrictions on internal movement (C7)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>No measures</b> are present across all of Ukraine (0)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

17/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Internal travel restrictions</b> are in place; in <b>some</b> parts
of Ukraine (2T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

"“Intercity connection is restored. In the regions with high infection
rate, it is allowed to transport up to 10 people at a time.”"
<http://web.archive.org/web/20210625121909/https://covid19.gov.ua/en>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### International travel controls (C8)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Quarantine</b> arrivals from <b>some</b> regions coming into Ukraine
(2)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

17/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Screening</b> arrivals coming into Ukraine (1)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Foreigners from some countries can enter with a valid vaccination card,
others need a negative PCR test prior to entry. However: "“Travel
remains suspended with India. All foreign travelers arriving from India
or who have stayed in India for at least seven days within the last 14
days are barred from entry.”"
<http://web.archive.org/web/20210625121909/https://covid19.gov.ua/en>
<http://web.archive.org/web/20210627114907/https://www.garda.com/crisis24/news-alerts/492026/ukraine-government-extends-covid-19-quarantine-regime-through-aug-31-eases-restrictions-effective-june-17-update-29>
<http://web.archive.org/web/20210612072238/https://konzuliszolgalat.kormany.hu/europa-utazasi-tanacsok?ukrajna>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Debt/contract relief (E2)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>No debt relief</b> is present across all of Ukraine (0)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

16/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

Government is providing <b>narrow debt relief</b> across all of; NA
Ukraine (1)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

"“As of June 3, 2021, 17,037 loans were extended under the program worth
UAH 43.9 billion. The program continues into 2021.”" "“Parliament has
adopted legislation (effective starting late June) releasing borrowers
from obligations to pay a penalty, fine, penalty for a delay in repaying
the obligation under the contract to the lender (banks and NBFIs) in
case the delay appeared during the quarantine period and/or 30 days
after the date of its completion.”"
<http://web.archive.org/web/*/https://www.imf.org/en/Topics/imf-and-covid19/Policy-Responses-to-COVID-19#U>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Facial Coverings (H6)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Required</b> wearing of face masks at <b>all times</b> outside the
home; across <b>all</b> of Ukraine (4G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

16/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Required</b> wearing of face masks in <b>all shared spaces</b>
outside the home when other people are present <b>or</b> when social
distancing not possible; across <b>all</b> of Ukraine (3G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Wearing a mask in public spaces is obligatory all around Ukraine.
"“Wearing masks is mandatory in public transportation and indoor
public places. Individuals and establishments can be fined for not
complying.”"
<http://web.archive.org/web/20210612072238/https://konzuliszolgalat.kormany.hu/europa-utazasi-tanacsok?ukrajna>
<http://web.archive.org/web/20210606073658/https://ua.usembassy.gov/covid-19-information/>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

### United Kingdom (GRI: 62.55 ↑ 63.8)

#### Vaccination policy (H7)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

Available to ALL key group (key workers, elderly, clinically vulnerable)
plus additional availability to wider population; at no / minimal cost
to the individual (government funded or subsidised) United Kingdom (4S)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

24/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Universal</b> availability; at no / minimal cost to the individual
(government funded or subsidised) United Kingdom (5S)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Northern Ireland opens up vaccinations to all over 18s on 24 June,
meaning that all of the 4 nations are now at a 5 (universal) coding for
Vaccination (H7)
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210625133225if_/https://www.belfastlive.co.uk/news/health/ni-vaccine-centres-opened-up-20889162>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

### Yemen (GRI: 38.85 ↓ 37.81)

#### Protection of elderly people (H8)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Narrow restrictions</b> for protecting elderly people; in <b>some</b>
parts of Yemen (2T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

15/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Narrow restrictions</b> for protecting elderly people; across
<b>all</b> of Yemen (2G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Carrying over C6
<https://displacement.iom.int/system/tdf/reports/20210606_COVID19_DTM%20Yemen%20Mobility%20Restrictions%20Dashboard%20DRAFT_%2325_V2.pdf?file=1&type=node&id=11658>

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Narrow restrictions</b> for protecting elderly people; across
<b>all</b> of Yemen (2G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

22/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Narrow restrictions</b> for protecting elderly people; in <b>some</b>
parts of Yemen (2T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Carrying over C6 No change in policy, "“Authorities in the governorate
of Ma’rib imposed a curfew from 09 p.m. until 04 a.m. in an attempt to
combat the spread of COVID-19.”"
<https://archive.vn/2021.06.21-132622/https://displacement.iom.int/system/tdf/reports/20210606_COVID19_DTM%20Yemen%20Mobility%20Restrictions%20Dashboard%20DRAFT_%252325_V2.pdf?file=1&type=node&id=11658>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

### Zambia (GRI: 37.6 ↑ 46.04)

#### School closing (C1)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>No measures</b> are present across all of Zambia (0)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

18/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> closure of <b>all</b> levels of schools; across
<b>all</b> of Zambia (3G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Schools closed amid an increase in cases.
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210621155617/https://www.theeastafrican.co.ke/tea/rest-of-africa/zambia-closes-schools-restricts-social-functions-as-it-battles-covid-third-wave-3440526>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Workplace closing (C2)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>No measures</b> are present across all of Zambia (0)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

18/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> closure of <b>some</b> sectors of business; across
<b>all</b> of Zambia (2G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Entertainment businesses closed.
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210621155617/https://www.theeastafrican.co.ke/tea/rest-of-africa/zambia-closes-schools-restricts-social-functions-as-it-battles-covid-third-wave-3440526>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Cancel public events (C3)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> cancellation of public events; across <b>all</b> of
Zambia (2G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

18/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Recommend</b> cancellation of public events; across <b>all</b> of
Zambia (1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

"“Zambia’s secretary to the Cabinet, Simon Miti, said public gatherings
and social functions would be restricted while entertainment joints will
only operate from Thursday to Sunday.”"
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210621155617/https://www.theeastafrican.co.ke/tea/rest-of-africa/zambia-closes-schools-restricts-social-functions-as-it-battles-covid-third-wave-3440526>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Restrictions on gatherings (C4)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

Restrictions on <b>small</b> gatherings (10 people or fewer); across
<b>all</b> of Zambia (4G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

18/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

Restrictions on <b>medium</b> gatherings (11-100 people); across
<b>all</b> of Zambia (3G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

"“Zambia’s secretary to the Cabinet, Simon Miti, said public gatherings
and social functions would be restricted while entertainment joints will
only operate from Thursday to Sunday. Funerals and weddings will be
attended by a maximum 50 people, while churches have been asked to
reduce the number of meetings to two per week.”"
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210621155617/https://www.theeastafrican.co.ke/tea/rest-of-africa/zambia-closes-schools-restricts-social-functions-as-it-battles-covid-third-wave-3440526>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Close public transport (C5)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>No measures</b> are present across all of Zambia (0)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

18/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Require closure</b> (or significant reduction in volume/routes) of
public transport; across <b>all</b> of Zambia (2G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Public transport still operating.
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210621155217/https://zm.usembassy.gov/covid-19-information-2/>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Testing policy (H2)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

Anyone <b>symptomatic</b> can be tested; NA Zambia (2)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

18/6/2021 <img src="images/up_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Anyone</b> can be tested (open testing) is present; NA Zambia (3)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Testing generally available at multiple private cites, for a fee.
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210621155217/https://zm.usembassy.gov/covid-19-information-2/>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Contact tracing (H3)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Limited</b> contact tracing (not done for all identified cases); NA
Zambia (1)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

18/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>No contact tracing</b> is present across all of Zambia (0)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

No evidence of contact tracing, per US Embassy.
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210621155217/https://zm.usembassy.gov/covid-19-information-2/>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Vaccination policy (H7)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 0px; overflow-y: scroll; height:300px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

Available to <b>ALL</b> key group (key workers, elderly, clinically
vulnerable); at no / minimal cost to the individual (government funded
or subsidised) Zambia (3S)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1.5in; color: grey80 !important;">

18/6/2021 <img src="images/down_arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

Available to <b>ONE</b> key group (key workers, elderly, clinically
vulnerable); at no / minimal cost to the individual (government funded
or subsidised) Zambia (1S)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

AstraZeneca approved, and Johnson\&Johnson has been secured. Information
on the recipients of vaccinations is sparce, only suggesting that key
workers are receiving vaccines.
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210615080230/https://www.moh.gov.zm/>
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210621155217/https://zm.usembassy.gov/covid-19-information-2/>
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210621155217/https://zm.usembassy.gov/covid-19-information-2/>
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210621164634/https://africa.cgtn.com/2021/06/18/zambia-to-procure-3-million-doses-johnson-johnson-covid-19-vaccines/>
<https://web.archive.org/web/20210621155217/https://zm.usembassy.gov/covid-19-information-2/>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>
